The Story of Ms. Marvel
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
惊奇队长的故事
第一章
第二章
第三章
第四章
第五章
第六章
第七章
第八章
第九章
第十章
返回总目录


扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
The Story of Ms. Marvel
Until recently, Jersey City's Kamala Khan didn't think she was special.
But one night not too long ago, everything changed. Kamala was caught in a
mysterious mist, and when she recovered, she realized that her Inhuman
powers were suddenly activated. Kamala went from being an ordinary high
school student to being Ms. Marvel―a Super Hero with the power to stretch,
morph, and heal.
Kamala Khan was determined to keep living her life as an ordinary girl
―going to school, going to her mosque, and writing Avengers fanfic on the
Internet. So she hid her Super Hero identity from everyone in her life. But in
secret, Kamala began to fight crime as Ms. Marvel. Eventually her friend
Bruno found out, and has been in on the secret ever since.
As Ms. Marvel, Kamala was able to fight Super Villains and other
supernatural criminals in Jersey City. She used her new powers to become
large enough to punch out giant robots, and small enough to climb inside
their guts. Basically, she fought a lot of giant robots. But her powers also
allowed her to change her shape and to heal faster than ordinary people.
The healing powers came in handy, because Kamala wasn't the type of
hero to stand back and stay safe when things got dangerous. She fought hard,
and she got hurt sometimes. But being a hero meant a lot to Kamala―she
was determined to help people. So she kept practicing, and kept fighting, and
eventually became an unstoppable force for good. Kamala Khan finally
became Ms. Marvel.
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 1
“Don't be late, don't be late, don't be late,” Kamala Khan chanted under
her breath.
She walked as fast as she could without actually running. Kamala was
on her way to school, and she already had three tardies on her record for the
month.
“Stupid criminals, always making me late for school,” Kamala muttered.
She had her hands full with her schoolwork and her family. Balancing her
regular life with her life as the Super Hero Ms. Marvel was always hard.
Sometimes it was more than Kamala could handle. But not today. Today was
totally under control.
“So far so good,” Kamala said, pausing at a streetlight and checking the
time on her phone. “Seven fifty-one. I'm definitely, for sure going to get to
school on time. I'm not stopping for anything short of an actual Super
Villain.”
“RRRRRRRIIINNNNNGGG!!!” The quiet morning air was shattered
by a loud alarm bell.
“Help!” someone yelled. “My store is being robbed!”
There was a pause, then the person added: “By a Super Villain!”
With a weary sigh, Kamala ducked into an alley. She hid behind a
dumpster and pulled off her regular clothes, revealing her Ms. Marvel
costume.
“Let's do this,” Ms. Marvel said. That Super Villain was going to regret
maybe-probably making her late to school.
“RRRRRRRIIIIIINNNNN―CRUNCH!” Ms. Marvel smashed the
alarm bell with her embiggened fist. “I'll replace that,” she told the shop
owner sheepishly. “It was just making it really hard for me to concentrate.”
Then Ms. Marvel stretched one arm long until she could grab the
criminal by the scruff of the neck.
The person she pulled out of the store was wearing a hoodie and a...
beak?
“Squawk!” she said. “Squawk, squawk!”
“I wouldn't exactly call her a Super Villain,” Ms. Marvel said to the
shop owner. “Super Villains don't usually wear Halloween masks.”
“Hey!” the bird-girl said, offended. Her eyes lit up and she zapped laser
beams at Ms. Marvel, but Ms. Marvel quickly slapped a hand over the girl's
eyes.
“Ow!” the girl yelped as she accidentally shot lasers at the insides of her
own eyelids.
“Put a tight blindfold on her, and you should be fine,” Ms. Marvel told
the police, who were arriving on the scene. She handed the bird-girl over to
them and hurried back to the alleyway to get her regular clothes back on.
“Don't be late, don't be late, don't be late,” Kamala muttered as she
jogged toward her school. “Ammi and Abu would be so mad if they knew
where I was!”
Kamala hated disappointing her parents. The thought of having to
explain another tardy on her report card was enough to make Kamala go from
a jog to a sprint.
She ran into the classroom as the bell was ringing and slid into her seat
just in time!
Later that day, she saw her friend Bruno at lunch.
“You look kind of frazzled. Everything okay?” Bruno said.
“Yeah, I just had a weird morning,” Kamala said. She lowered her
voice. Bruno knew about Ms. Marvel, but nobody else at school did. “I foiled
a robbery.”
“Cool!” Bruno said. “A bank? A hotel? A jewelry store?”
“No,” Kamala said. “A pet store. And the girl who was robbing it
squawked at me.”
“Squawked?” Bruno said.
“And that's not the weirdest part,” Kamala said. “She was wearing a bird
mask.”
“You're right,” Bruno said. “That is weird. Oh―here comes Nakia!”
Nakia did not know about Ms. Marvel, so Kamala and Bruno changed
the subject.
“Have you started studying for that big Biology test on Thursday?”
Kamala asked Nakia.
“Yeah,” Nakia said, “all week. But I need to study more. I can't believe
half our grade is based on this one test!”
“I haven't even started studying for it,” Kamala admitted. “I'm kind of
freaking out.”
Nakia stared at her. “You haven't even started?” she said, shocked. “But
it's half our grade! What would your parents―?”
“I know,” Kamala said, glaring at her friend. Nakia cocked her head.
“You've been kind of cranky lately,” she said. “Is everything okay?”
Bruno nodded. “I've noticed that, too,” he said. “I know you've been
really... busy.” He gave Kamala a knowing look.
“I'm fine,” Kamala said. The whole conversation was stressing her out,
and she wanted it to be over. So she smiled brightly. “See? Fine. Hey, have
you guys been playing Pork-Bun Go?”
“Oh my gosh, I finally captured a wild spinach dumpling!” Bruno said,
pulling up the game's app on his phone.
Nakia got out her phone. “I don't have any spinach dumplings. But I
have eleven shrimp shumais. Want to trade?”
“No way,” Bruno said. “But you can have one of my pea shoots.”
Kamala watched her friends with a smile firmly fixed on her face. But
inside, it was all starting to get to her.
Sometimes Kamala thought she just wasn't cut out for Super Hero-ing.
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 2
The rest of the day passed by in a blur. Kamala couldn't stop thinking
about the big Biology test.
Nakia's been studying for a week already. Kamala absentmindedly
passed the basketball to someone on the other team in gym class.
“Hey!” one of Kamala's teammates yelled, but Kamala barely heard
him. She was too wrapped up in her worries. I should have been studying,
too. But when? I've been out late fighting crime every night for the last two
weeks.
“You're the worst, Khan,” her teammate told Kamala.
Kamala ignored him, but the boy continued, still annoyed.
“You're a total―OOMPH!”
He was cut off by the basketball bouncing off his head.
Kamala rolled her eyes. I have to get a grip. There are just too many
things to keep track of!
As Kamala shrugged on her jacket at the end of the school day, she
made a decision. There would be no crime-fighting tonight. Nothing was
going to distract her from studying.
Kamala texted Nakia as she walked home from school.
“Pardon me,” a deep voice boomed. Kamala looked up. The largest
homeless person she had ever seen was standing in front of her. His tattered
hat hid his hair and his long, stained coat hid the rest of him, but there was
still something kind of familiar about him.
“Sorry. I don't have any change.” She kept walking. The man walked
with her.
“I do not seek money,” he said in that booming voice. “I seek you. You
must come with me, Ms. Marvel.”
Kamala stopped short. He knew who she was, and he was obviously
looking for trouble. This wasn't good.
“I must, huh?” Kamala said, her hands on her hips, glaring up at the guy.
Whoever this guy was, he could get lost. Kamala was going to study
tonight, not get into a fight with yet another weirdo.
“Do you not wish to protect yourself?” the man asked.
Was he threatening her? He was! How dare he? All the stresses of the
day suddenly piled up on her.
It just wasn't fair.
“Okay,” Kamala said furiously. “That's it. Let's go.” This guy was going
to get it.
“Excellent,” the man said cheerfully. “I shall lead the way!” He started
walking away, clearly expecting her to follow him.
“No, I shall,” Kamala said, and walked into an empty alley. She didn't
want people to see ordinary teenager Kamala Khan kicking this giant guy's
butt. But she didn't have time to change out of her normal clothes. Luckily,
the alley was deserted.
“What a fine alleyway,” the man remarked pleasantly as he followed
her, looking around. “But I fail to―OOMPH!” He grunted in surprise as
Kamala punched him in the stomach.
Kamala's knuckles throbbed painfully. Hitting this guy was like
punching a brick wall.
“Okay,” Kamala said, trying to shake out her hand without looking like
a big dork. Luckily, her accelerated healing meant that her hand would be
fine in no time.
Kamala kicked and punched, using every bit of training she had. She
embiggened to the size of a car. She shrank down to the size of a cat. She was
a flurry of motion, her fists flying. But soon she started to feel pretty foolish,
because the big guy didn't seem to feel her blows at all. In fact, he wasn't
even fighting back.
He was just standing there, saying things like “Wait!” and “Perhaps I
could have been clearer.”
“You were plenty clear when you threatened me!” Kamala snapped,
doing her best to give the guy a black eye. But he ducked under her fist, and
she knocked off his hat instead. Kamala grabbed him by the front of his coat
to swing him around, but the threadbare fabric tore right down the back seam.
The man's hat and coat hit the ground.
Kamala gasped and stepped back. Standing in front of her, was The
Mighty Thor!
It was really Thor. Not a villain. But then why had he threatened her?
Thinking back on what he actually said, Kamala realized suddenly that
he had been warning her.
This is the worst, she thought. I just tried to beat up Thor. I just tried to
beat up an Avenger!
“Forgive me if I was unclear,” Thor said. “Perhaps I should introduce
myself.”
“I know who you are. I have, like, four action figures of you in my
room,” Kamala blurted out.
Way to go, Kamala. Real cool.
She made a fist and tapped it against her forehead. A little too hard.
Then she gave an awkward smile. “Ah-ha-ha. I mean... um. Never mind.”
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 3
“I call this one Tiny Thor,” Kamala said, making the little action figure
do a funny dance. She picked up another one. “And this is Fashion Thor. I
stole the butterfly hair clips from Nakia when we were, like, five years old.”
“Very fierce,” Thor said seriously. He picked up another action figure of
himself and examined it carefully. Kamala shook her head. Thor the Avenger
was sitting on her bedroom floor, rummaging through a bin of old toys with
her, asking her about her collection of... well, him. It was one of the weirdest
things that had happened to her since she became a Super Hero. And that was
really saying something.
“That's Peg Leg Thor,” Kamala said. “He lost his leg, so I had to replace
it with a clothespin.”
“How careless of him,” Thor said, frowning down at the one-legged
action figure disapprovingly. Kamala leaped to his defense. “Not careless―
brave!” she said. “He lost it in battle! It was a valiant struggle. Against a
Tyrannosaurus rex.”
She dug the plastic T. rex out of the bin of toys. “See?” Kamala said,
showing Thor. “A formidable opponent.”
“With an honorable wound to match,” Thor said, satisfied. “Kamala, I
apologize for approaching you in disguise. I was trying to ‘keep a low
profile,’ as Hawkeye puts it.”
“Don't worry about it,” Kamala said. “It's not your fault―I'm just super
on edge lately. I've got a lot on my plate. Sorry I overreacted.”
“You are forgiven,” Thor said.
She was feeling a little starstruck. She had even more action figures of
Hawkeye than of Thor. But she didn't want to hurt Thor's feelings, so she
didn't tell him that.
“I have come to your city to investigate a string of pet-store robberies
that have been committed over the last several months,” Thor said.
“Yikes,” Kamala said. “That's pretty weird. What are they stealing? Tell
me it isn't puppies.”
“Birds,” Thor said, “and many of them.”
“Huh,” Kamala said. “You know, the girl who was trying to rob that pet
store this morning was wearing some kind of dumb bird mask. And she was
making bird noises, too.”
“Yes,” Thor said. “The intelligence that we have received at Avengers
Headquarters has been...”
“Disturbing?” Kamala suggested.
“Silly,” Thor finished.
Kamala nodded in agreement.
“Regardless,” Thor continued, “I have been sent to investigate. I was not
planning to include you in the investigation, even though Jersey City is your
‘turf,’ as Hawkeye puts it. I did not want to endanger you, because you are so
young.”
“I can handle myself!” Kamala protested.
“Yes,” Thor said, “I learned that today. In any case, I overheard several
of these teenage bird-people discussing their plan to target you, Ms. Marvel.
And I realized I must warn you.”
“So what's next?” Kamala asked, trying to act cool―like hearing Thor
himself call her by her Super Hero name wasn't the best thing that had ever
happened to her.
“Obviously you must stay safely indoors while I conduct my
investigation,” Thor said.
Kamala frowned. “Normally I try to at least pretend to obey authority
figures. You know, people like my imam. Or ancient alien Super Heroes like
you.”
“Very wise,” Thor agreed.
“But come on,” Kamala continued. “This is Jersey. Hawkeye was right
―this is my turf. If you don't let me team up with you, I'm going to do my
own investigation anyway, and then we'll just get in each other's way. You
don't want to be tripping over me every time you turn around, right?”
Thor frowned. “It would indeed be more efficient to work together,” he
said reluctantly. From downstairs, Kamala heard her father's voice. “Kamala?
Who are you talking to? Is there someone in your room?”
Kamala jumped. “You have to get out of here!” she told Thor. “Quick!”
“Kamala?” her father called again. “Who is in there with you?”
“Out the window!” Kamala hissed, waving her arms frantically at Thor.
“I'll meet you later!”
In the hallway outside his daughter's room, Yusuf Khan paused to listen.
The murmur of voices had stopped. There was a strange whoosh, and then
silence again. But Yusuf was certain he'd heard another voice inside the
room. He knocked on Kamala's door and opened it.
“What on earth is going on in here?” Yusuf said, looking around. But
the only person in the room was his daughter. She was sitting on the floor,
surrounded by plastic toys. In one hand Kamala was holding a small plastic
man with a red cape. In the other, she was holding a houseplant in a clay pot.
“Oh, hi, Abu,” she said, smiling.
“I thought I heard voices,” Yusuf said, looking around in confusion.
“Nobody here but me and Thor,” Kamala said. She waved the small
plastic toy, and its little red cape fluttered. “He's fighting crime with a new
partner.”
Kamala turned back to her game. She waggled the toy as though it was
talking to the plant. “It is I, Thor!” Kamala said in a booming, deep voice.
“Come, thou potted vegetation. Thou and I must hie unto Asgard Anon.
Forsooth and gadzooks!”
Yusuf shook his head and smiled. It was nice to be reminded every now
and then that Kamala was still his goofy little girl.
He shut the door behind him and went back downstairs to finish reading
the newspaper.
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 4
That afternoon, Kamala tried―and failed―to study for her test.
“Come on,” she told herself, squinting at her Biology textbook. “You
aren't meeting Thor until tonight. You have three hours of primo study time.
You can do this. You have to do this.”
She gripped her highlighter tight and started reading. But the words ran
together on the page. Kamala stared blankly down at the book while her mind
raced over the mystery of the pet-shop burglaries. Why were these birdpeople
stealing from pet shops? What were they after? And why was this
happening in New Jersey? In Ms. Marvel's territory?
Come to think, why were they talking about going after Ms. Marvel in
the first place?
Finally, Kamala threw down her highlighter in frustration and instead
opened a web browser on her computer.
If I can't get any studying done, she thought, I might as well do
something productive.
Soon, Kamala was deep in a search through local news sites, looking for
any information about the pet-shop robberies.
She clicked through to an article about a break-in at the Puppy Pile, a pet
store in Edison, NJ.
Break-In at the Puppy Pile
“They didn't even take any money,” said Anita Batra, the owner of
the Puppy Pile. “That was the weirdest thing. The cash register was right
there, but instead they went straight to the birdcages at the back of the
store.”
The criminals made off with seven canaries and an African grey
parrot. They are described as three teenagers wearing bird costumes.
“I'm pretty sure one of them was levitating,” said Ms. Batra. Police
are investigating the robbery and have released a statement saying that
the suspects are thought to have superhuman abilities of some kind.
Meanwhile, the Puppy Pile is planning to reopen on Monday, but Ms.
Batra says she still hopes the police find her missing birds soon.
That night, after bedtime, Kamala stuffed a pillow under the covers. She
hoped it looked like she was still in bed, asleep. Then she changed into her
“sneaking around” clothes, grabbed her backpack, and embiggened her legs
until they were long enough to reach the ground outside. She stepped quietly
out of her second-story window.
Kamala shrank her legs back down and looked around. Sure enough―
Thor was standing in the shadows under a tree. He waved at her and Kamala
trotted over, being careful to make no noise. The last thing she needed was to
wake up her parents.
“Hail and well met, my sister in arms!” Thor boomed out as she reached
him.
“Shush!!!” Kamala said, waving her hands desperately at him. Then she
panicked for a whole different reason. Thor was an Avenger and she'd just
told him to shush?
“I mean,” she said, backpedaling, “I'm sorry, but if you wouldn't mind
―”
Thor shook his head. “No apologies are needed, except from me. I admit
I am not accustomed to stealth.”
“I can tell. You wore the cape and everything,” Kamala said, relieved.
“But let's get out of here, yeah?”
“Yeah!” said Thor. “I mean, yeah.”
Thor wanted to see the pet store where Kamala had foiled the latest
robbery, that morning. So they went there first, and Kamala showed Thor the
scene of the crime.
“I was standing out here,” she said. “The robber was in the back of the
store.”
Thor peered through the window into the darkened store. “What manner
of animals are kept in the back?” he asked.
“Not sure,” Kamala said. She pulled out her flashlight. “Let's see.”
The bright circle of light glinted off a row of birdcages in the back of the
store.
“Birds again,” Kamala said thoughtfully. She explained to Thor about
the article she'd read earlier. “So they're stealing birds, wearing bird masks,
and making sounds like birds... what else do we know?
“At least some of the suspects have supernatural abilities, perhaps all of
them.”
“Superpowered bird fans stealing birds,” Kamala said. Then something
occurred to her. “Hey, there's a pet store right here in Jersey City that only
sells birds. It's called Betsy's Bitsy Birdies. Do you know if it's been robbed,
too?”
“Not yet,” Thor said. “But perhaps...”
“Just in case...” Ms. Marvel agreed. She looked up the address on her
phone, and they were off.
Kamala and Thor arrived at Betsy's Bitsy Birdies ten minutes later. The
store was dark and quiet. All the windows were unbroken, and the door was
closed.
Kamala and Thor climbed into a tree and hid quietly. Sure enough, not
long after that, a group of teenagers wearing bird masks came sneaking up to
Betsy's Bitsy Birdies.
“This is the place,” one of them said.
“Jackpot!” said another. “We're going to be his favorites after we come
back with all these birds.”
A third birdlike teen raised her arm. She was gripping a brick. Just as
she was about to smash it through the window, Kamala shot her elongated
arm out and grabbed her.
“Squawk!” yelled the teen.
“Squawk! Squawk!” yelled her friends, trying to tug her out of Kamala's
grip. But it was too late. Hanging from his flying hammer, Thor glided out of
the tree and straight into the fray. He kicked the two teens away from their
friend and got to work tying them up.
“This young woman seems to have super strength,” Thor remarked. He
grunted as he struggled to subdue the girl. “Luckily, my ropes are magic
bindings from the halls of Asgard.”
The girl chirped sullenly as Thor tied a firm knot around her wrists.
“Okay,” Kamala said once the three teenage burglars were all tied up.
“I've called the cops. Now talk. Why are you stealing birds? Who do you
work for?”
The three teens stared at Kamala and Thor in silence.
“Wait,” Kamala said, “are your masks made of real feathers?”
“Peep,” the superstrong girl said, glaring defiantly at Ms. Marvel.
Thor reached out and plucked a feather from her head.
“Peep!”
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 5
After the police arrived, Kamala and Thor went to a twenty-four-hour
shawarma place for a post-crime-fighting midnight snack. Kamala was
famished, so she ate two whole sandwiches. Thor ate seven.
“Is your friend okay?” the waitress asked Kamala. “That's just... a lot of
shawarma.”
Thor burped delicately into a napkin. “Delicious. I'll have another,” he
said. “This time, extra sauce. And extra bread. And meat. Actually I'll just
have two more sandwiches.”
“Are you sure?” the waitress asked, still looking a little worried. “Maybe
you should take a breather. The shawarma isn't going anywhere.”
“It's okay,” Kamala said reassuringly. “He's from Asgard. They
probably eat, like, whole turkeys for dinner there.”
“Once I ate two oxen,” Thor said proudly. “They still tell the tale to this
day.”
“See?” Kamala said.
All told, Kamala wasn't in bed until 2:00 a.m. She woke up the next
morning more tired than she'd been when she went to bed. The only thing that
kept her awake during her classes was the memory of those three bird-people,
with their weirdly elaborate masks.
What is this all about? Kamala thought for the millionth time as she
stumbled down the school steps at the end of the day.
“Kamala!” a familiar voice boomed out. It was Thor, back in his
homeless-person disguise.
“You know,” she said, walking up to him, “even in disguise, you're
super obvious.”
Thor frowned. “Perhaps I should have a different disguise, but I have
more urgent business to share with you right now.”
Kamala followed Thor into the alleyway where they had first fought.
“What's up?”
“I have been to Asgard,” Thor said, holding up the feather he'd plucked
off the bird-girl's head the night before. “I had our best alchemists examine
this feather, to determine its origin.”
Kamala looked up from where she was stashing her civilian clothing
behind the dumpster. “And?” she asked.
“The girl is an Inhuman,” Thor said. “With bird DNA in her genome.”
Kamala's eyes widened. “So those weren't masks? You're telling me
those kids are Inhuman. Like me? Except not quite like me. I don't have
bird... stuff.”
“Avian genetic material,” Thor filled in.
“Exactly,” Kamala said. “And these kids are working for someone.
Someone with a plan. But who?”
Thor furrowed his brow. “It would have to be a great mastermind,” he
said. “And someone familiar with New Jersey.”
“And someone with a grudge against me,” Kamala said.
“And someone with an interest in birds,” Thor added.
Kamala gasped. “I have an idea! But it's impossible. The only person I
can think of who fits this description is... No, it couldn't be!”
“Who?” Thor asked.
“The Inventor,” Kamala said, referring to the bird-man Super Villain she
had defeated early in her career. “He hates me, and he's half bird himself. But
he's in prison!”
Kamala pulled out her phone and entered a search in the web browser.
“At least he was in prison...” she murmured as she tapped through to a recent
article.
Despite concerted effort by local law enforcement there is still no
sign of the Inventor, New Jersey's own birdlike Super Villain, who
escaped from prison several months ago. Authorities have redoubled
efforts to locate this avian menace, but several leads...
“Oops,” Kamala said.
“So we have our slime suspect,” Thor said. “The Inventor.”
“I think you mean ‘prime suspect,’” Kamala said.
“I am quite sure Hawkeye said the term was ‘slime suspect,’” Thor
protested.
Kamala tried not to laugh.
Later that night, Kamala and Thor sneaked through a chain-link fence in
an industrial park. “The police haven't found the Inventor but they don't know
him the way I do. He loves these spooky abandoned plants.”
“You seem very confident,” Thor remarked.
“Well,” Kamala said. “I kind of do the Super Hero thing a lot. But you
do, too, I guess.”
“Indeed,” Thor said. “I think perhaps you and I have more in common
than I would have thought.”
“What do you mean?” Kamala asked. She pulled out Bruno's custom
lock-zapper―a handy gadget he'd made just for her―and pointed it at the
side door to the plant. Then a little light flashed red and the door made an
alarming crunch sound.
Kamala tried the doorknob, but it wouldn't turn. She frowned. “Stupid
gadget,” she muttered at it. “Be more open-y.” She zapped the lock again,
and this time it crunched even more loudly. A seam of melted metal appeared
around the edge of the door. The door was now firmly welded to the door
frame.
“Argh!” Kamala yelled. “What is wrong with this thing?”
“I believe you hit the wrong button,” Thor said. Kamala looked at the
device again. Sure enough, it had two buttons.
UNLOCK
LOCK FOREVER
Kamala buried her face in her hands. She felt so stupid―for hitting the
wrong button, but also for getting so mad about it.
Thor cleared his throat delicately. “Allow me,” he said. With a gentle
tug, he wrenched the door and the door frame right out of the wall.
“As I was saying,” Thor continued, “we have much in common, you and
I. For example, we both like to celebrate a hard-won battle with a mighty
feast.”
Kamala nodded. “That was some good shawarma last night,” she said. “I
always get super hungry after a fight.”
“As do I,” said Thor. “And then of course―ahem―our short tempers.”
Kamala was quiet. She looked around the empty plant. “Nothing here.”
As they trudged out of the plant, she shook her head thoughtfully.
“You're right about my short temper,” she said after a while. “But it's worse
than usual, these days.”
“Why?” Thor asked, swinging his hammer into the sky. Kamala grabbed
his arm and they sailed into the air.
“Head due north,” she instructed him. Then, in answer to his question:
“Oh, I don't know. I guess I've just got a lot to deal with lately. School,
friends, family, and then this Super Hero-ing thing. I worry that it's changing
me. It's making me... mean.”
Thor was silent, but it was an understanding kind of silence. Kamala
stared down at the dark industrial wastelands beneath them and sighed.
“Sometimes I don't know how long I can keep doing this.”
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 6
Kamala and Thor investigated six abandoned plants before they finally
found one with a light glimmering dimly in one of its broken windows.
“This has got to be him,” Kamala whispered, as they landed in the
courtyard outside the plant. Thor nodded. He tilted his head, listening.
“I hear voices,” he said. “Many voices. If this is truly the Inventor's
stronghold, he has others defending it with him.”
Kamala shook her head to clear it. It was nearly 4:00 a.m., and she was
so tired. “If it's more of those birdlike Inhumans, I can probably take a few of
them at once,” she said. Then she yawned so widely it felt like her jaw was
going to fall off.
Thor smiled. “I do not think you could take on a stiff breeze right now,”
he said gently. “He will still be here tomorrow. Let us get you home.”
“But I―” Kamala said, cutting herself off with another yawn.
“You are in no shape for a showdown,” Thor said. He put his arm
around her waist and swung his hammer up. “Let's get you to bed.”
Kamala nodded sleepily as they rocketed into the sky. “Okay,” she said.
“Bed.”
Kamala Khan woke up feeling like death warmed over. She squinted
blearily at her alarm clock, which was bleeping at her. 7:00 a.m. Time to get
up. Time to eat breakfast. Time to go to school. Time to take that big Biology
test.
Kamala sat bolt upright, her heart hammering in her chest.
“The test!” she yelled. She had forgotten all about the big Biology test.
She hadn't even studied―
“Nakia!” she yelled even louder. She'd blown off her study date the
night before with Nakia!
“Oh my glob,” she moaned. “I'm going to fail the test, and Nakia is
never going to forgive me.”
Kamala was almost afraid to go to her locker that morning. And sure
enough, there was Nakia, adjusting her hijab in front of her mirror. When she
saw Kamala approaching, Nakia shut her locker and turned.
“Nakia, I'm so sorry―” Kamala started.
“I texted you twenty-two times,” Nakia said.
“I know,” Kamala moaned. She'd seen the texts when she finally
checked her phone, on the way to school that morning.
“Where were you?” Nakia asked.
“I...” Kamala shook her head. “I don't want to lie to you. But I can't tell
you that.”
“I don't even want to see your face right now,” Nakia said. She turned
and walked into the Biology classroom. Numbly, Kamala followed her.
Kamala made it halfway through the Biology test before she just gave
up.
“May I go to the bathroom?” she asked, raising her hand.
“Not during a test,” Mr. Lukoff said.
“I'm done,” Kamala said. She handed the half-filled-out test to Mr.
Lukoff and left the room.
Kamala managed to keep it together until she got to the girls' bathroom.
Tears began to stream down her face and she punched the tiled wall.
Kamala was so angry she could hardly think. Everything was falling
apart, and it was all the Inventor's fault!
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 7
Kamala didn't wait for Thor. As soon as school was out, she changed
into her Ms. Marvel costume in her usual alley and started walking. As she
went, she elongated her legs until each stride was a block long.
Soon, Ms. Marvel was outside the Jersey City limits. And not long after
that, she was sloshing through the marshes of industrial New Jersey.
Normally she would have been grossed out by the squishy mud of the
marshland, but today she was too angry to even notice.
This is the Inventor's fault. My life is a mess, and it's his fault. I failed
the test, and it's his fault. My best friend hates me, and it's his fault.
Ms. Marvel was ready to fight. In fact, she couldn't wait. The Inventor
was going to pay.
Soon the Inventor's lair was in sight. But before Ms. Marvel reached the
fence, an Inhuman teenager stepped out of the tall grass and stood in her way.
“Stop right there,” he sneered. “Ba-grack!” He raked one foot through
the dirt, and Ms. Marvel saw that instead of human feet he had long, scaly
claws like a rooster. He was different from the other bird-people she'd seen so
far―he even had a wattle, like a chicken. He looked ridiculous.
Ms. Marvel rolled her eyes. “Get out of my way.”
“No can do, Ms. Moron,” the boy said, dodging back into her path.
“Very funny,” Ms. Marvel said.
“It's funny because Moron and Marvel both start with the letter M,” the
kid said. “Basically, I just called you stupid.”
“Yep,” Ms. Marvel said, pushing the boy out of her way.
“But in a funny, clever way,” the boy added, pecking at her. “Bacrawk!”
“Nope,” Ms. Marvel said, batting him away. “Not funny, not clever.
Now scram.”
“Too bad!” the chicken-boy said. “The Inventor and everyone else aren't
even at headquarters right now. He left me here to guard the place all by
myself until he gets back. Gra-kack!”
“Great,” Ms. Marvel said grimly. “Then I'll just wait for him there, shall
I?”
She tried once more to push the boy aside and keep walking toward the
plant. But the chicken-boy danced around her, pecking at her arms with his
weird beak-nose and scratching at her with his taloned feet. Ms. Marvel
couldn't take a step without tripping over him.
“Get out of my way!” she finally yelled, at the end of her rope.
“Ca-BAWK! Make me!” jeered the chicken-boy. “Try and make me,
Ms. Moron! Ha-ha-ha! Ms. Moron! Ms. Moron! Ms.―”
Crack! Ms. Marvel punched the chicken-boy as hard as she could. She
hit him so hard that her whole arm tingled. For a moment, it felt good. It felt
satisfying. But then as she watched him stagger back, it stopped feeling good.
His eyes were wide and shocked, and his mouth was bloody. Ms. Marvel had
hit him harder than she needed to... a lot harder. He was really hurt.
The chicken-boy abruptly sat down on the ground and started crying. He
was holding his face, but Ms. Marvel could tell she'd knocked out at least one
of his teeth. She'd been in enough fights to know what that looked like. And
this boy was younger than she was―he couldn't have been older than
fourteen.
Ms. Marvel felt like a complete monster.
“Oh no,” she said. “I'm so sorry.” She rushed over to the boy, but he
recoiled, scooting away from her.
“Don't touch me!” he said, the words muffled. “It hurts!” Tears were
sliding down his face, and suddenly he wasn't annoying anymore... he was
just pathetic.
“Oh man,” Ms. Marvel said. She got out her phone and dialed 9-1-1.
The boy continued to cry as she gave their location to the police.
“An ambulance is coming. You're going to be okay.”
“I wuh-wuh-want my mommmmmm,” the boy sobbed.
“Okay,” Ms. Marvel said, feeling lower than low. “We'll call her, too.”
She sat down next to the boy and handed him her phone.
“You're mean,” he muttered as he dialed.
“Yeah,” Ms. Marvel said grimly. “I think you might be right.”
Ms. Marvel stayed with the chicken-boy until the ambulance arrived and
took him away. Then she sat by herself on the ground, staring into space for a
long time afterward.
The chicken-boy had been harmless. Annoying, sure, but harmless. Ms.
Marvel was a hero―or she was supposed to be one, anyway.
“I'm supposed to be better than this,” she said softly to herself. “I'm
supposed to be the good guy.”
But she'd been so angry at the Inventor for messing up her week that
she'd let herself really hurt someone who wasn't anywhere near as strong as
she was.
She'd failed her Biology test, she'd failed her friend, and she'd failed as a
hero.
“I don't deserve to be called Ms. Marvel,” Kamala Khan said softly,
pulling her mask off and burying her face in her hands.
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 8
Thor found her there, letting her mind spin around in circles of anger
and self-blame.
He had to wave his hand in front of Kamala's face a few times before
she noticed him.
“Oh,” she said, “it's you.”
“Should not you be wearing your mask, Ms. Marvel?” Thor asked
gently, crouching down in front of her. He picked her mask up off the ground
and offered it to her.
Kamala stared at it blankly for a while and then shook her head.
“I'm not feeling very heroic,” she said. She told Thor all about what had
happened.
“I thought it was the Inventor's fault that my life is a mess,” Kamala
finished, “but it's my fault. I'm the one who forgot to study for the test. I'm
the one who let down my friend. I'm the one who's messing things up every
day. I just didn't want to face it, and I took it out on that stupid chicken kid.”
Thor sat down next to her and stared thoughtfully up at the sky.
“Perhaps you do not believe this,” he said, “but I have felt the same way
myself.”
Kamala squinted at him skeptically. “You're right,” she said. “I don't
believe it.”
Thor sighed. “I was not always as wise or as humble as I am now,” he
said. “When I was a younger man, I had many faults. I was arrogant. I was
impatient.”
He paused. “To be fair,” he said, “I was very handsome, brave, and
fierce in battle. I still am!”
Kamala smiled and poked Thor in the side. “And wise and humble, too.”
Thor grinned. “Perhaps not perfectly humble,” he admitted. “We are
none of us perfect.”
“No,” Kamala said sadly. “We aren't. Me especially.”
“But that is my point,” Thor said. “Heed my tale, Kamala Khan. There
came a day when I realized that I was nothing more than an arrogant child.
And on that day, I doubted.”
Kamala looked up at him. Thor was still staring at the sky, but there was
something in his face that she recognized, because it was the same thing she
was feeling.
“I doubted myself,” Thor continued. “I saw that I had been vain, cruel,
and thoughtless. This man is no hero, I thought. This man is a fool.”
Kamala's heart twisted a little in her chest. “What did you do?” she
asked.
“I learned to accept two important things,” Thor said. “First, that I was
not perfect. Then, that I did not need to be, as long as I kept trying.”
Kamala frowned. “I know you're hoping to make me feel better about
how badly I screwed up,” she said, “but I don't buy it. You seem pretty
perfect to me. You're an Avenger.”
“I am an Avenger because I have learned to accept my faults,” Thor
said. “And if I were perfect, I would have realized immediately that ‘slime
suspect’ is not a thing.”
Kamala giggled. “See, Hawkeye knows what being an Avenger is really
all about,” she said. “Pranking your teammates.”
“Indeed,” Thor said, smiling. Then he looked at Kamala very seriously.
“You have failed today, but that does not mean you are a failure. You cannot
do everything perfectly, Kamala Khan, and you cannot do everything by
yourself.”
Kamala smiled. “Thank you, Thor,” she said. “That means a lot to me.”
And she really did feel better. There was something amazing about knowing
that Thor, the mighty Avenger, had once dealt with the same doubts and
fears.
“There is no need to thank me,” Thor said. He handed Kamala her Ms.
Marvel mask again, and this time she accepted it. “And you should not be so
hard on yourself. You are a better person at sixteen than I was at nine
hundred.”
“Aw,” Kamala said, throwing her arms around Thor, “you don't look a
day over eight hundred and ninety-nine.”
Evening was dimming into night when Ms. Marvel and Thor approached
the Inventor's lair at last. “I think he must be back by now,” Ms. Marvel said.
“Hopefully we've still got the drop on him.”
Then a shout shattered the quiet night air.
“It's time!” A shrill, unpleasant voice erupted from the factory tower.
“My brilliance knows no bounds!”
Ms. Marvel and Thor looked at each other.
“That's definitely the Inventor's voice,” Ms. Marvel said.
“Tonight, we take Jersey City,” the Inventor yelled. “And tomorrow―”
“Ah, I know this one,” Thor told Kamala. He threw a fist into the air as
though he were a maniacal villain. “And tomorrow, the world!” he said,
mimicking the Inventor.
“The world?” Ms. Marvel replied incredulously. “With that gang of
birdbrains as his army?”
“And tomorrow, the New York metropolitan area!” the Inventor finished
triumphantly from inside the factory.
“That seems more reasonable,” Thor remarked.
“And shortly after that,” the Inventor added, still yelling, “the tristate
area! And then, following our takeover of the northeastern United States,
we'll move on to the Eastern Seaboard―”
“Should we just go in right now?” Ms. Marvel said. “I feel like this
could go on for a while.”
“By all means,” Thor said. He offered his arm, and Ms. Marvel grabbed
it. Thor swung Mjolnir skyward, and the two heroes sailed into the sky,
heading directly toward the tower.
It was time to fight.
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 9
Deep in the New Jersey marshlands, the Secaucus Amalgamated
Macaroni Company's pasta manufacturing plant had stood empty for decades
before the Inventor moved his latest sinister operation into it. But now it was
full of activity. Empty birdcages hung from the rafters, and the Inventor's
henchmen―both bird-people and robots―patrolled the corridors. And in the
tower, a giant contraption stood, crackling with electrical sparks.
Thor and Ms. Marvel had just enough time to take in the scene below
them before they crashed through the skylight in the tower and landed amid a
small army of birdlike teenage Inhumans.
A siren blared. Ms. Marvel and Thor stood up, brushing broken glass off
themselves.
“Get'em!” squawked one of the Inventor's Inhuman henchmen. And with
a flurry of feathers and a chorus of cheeps, they attacked.
Ms. Marvel embiggened her fists, lengthened her arms, and threw
herself into the fight. The first Inhuman to attack her clawed at Ms. Marvel's
face, but Ms. Marvel grabbed her by the tail and tossed her into a pile of old
boxes.
Nearby, Thor was fighting off seven fluffy Inhumans covered in downy
yellow feathers. They were all making high-pitched peeps. “I do not wish to
harm you!” Thor yelled at the duckling-like villains. “For you are extremely
adorable! Ouch!” he added as one of them bit him.
Ms. Marvel started in Thor's direction to help him, but she was suddenly
knocked sideways by a robot hurtling out of a dark corner. The Inventor's
robots were dangerous―Ms. Marvel had fought them before. She picked
herself up and jumped sideways, dodging a laser blast.
“Yaaah!” Ms. Marvel yelled, using her embiggened fist to smash the
robot to pieces.
Ms. Marvel took a deep breath, hoping for a little break so she could
help out Thor. But just then, three more bird-people and another laser-armed
robot all charged her at once. In a blur of fists and feet, Ms. Marvel kicked
and punched―swung and spun―until she was surrounded by the scraps of
the robot, and all her attackers were tied up. Her lungs were heaving and her
fists were aching.
“I don't know how many more of them I can handle,” Ms. Marvel said to
Thor.
“How about one more?” said a sneering, shrill voice.
Ms. Marvel looked up. Standing in front of the giant machine was the
Inventor. He was dramatically silhouetted against the sparking waves of
electricity.
“I bid you welcome,” he said, “to your doom.”
“At least he is polite,” Thor remarked, smashing the robot onto the
cement floor.
The Inventor snapped his fingers, and the rest of the robots and
Inhumans backed away from Ms. Marvel and Thor.
“Perhaps you're wondering what I am doing here,” the Inventor said,
strolling slowly toward them. “Well, make yourselves comfortable, and I
shall tell you a tale the likes of which―”
“You're stealing pet birds and putting their DNA into Inhuman teenagers
you recruited for your villainous army of superpowered bird- people,” Ms.
Marvel said.
“Oh,” the Inventor said, annoyed. “Yes, well. Got it in one.”
“Cool,” Ms. Marvel said. She embiggened until she was nearly as high
as the ceiling. “How about we move straight to the final-showdown part of
the evening?”
“You don't want to hear more about my revolutionary new nuclease
enzyme? It's perfect for gene-splicing!”
“I'd really rather fight,” Ms. Marvel admitted. “And besides, Biology is
sort of a sore subject for me right now.”
“If you insist,” the Inventor said and snapped his fingers. Suddenly a
huge robot loomed up behind him―it was easily as big as all of the other
robots put together.
Ms. Marvel's heart sank. She'd never taken on a robot this big.
I don't think I can do this, she thought.
But then she remembered what Thor had told her. You cannot do
everything by yourself.
With help, though, she could do pretty much anything.
“Let's go!” Ms. Marvel yelled, and she and Thor leaped into action. Thor
drew the laser fire away from Ms. Marvel by flying up to the ceiling and
zigzagging across the room. Meanwhile, Ms. Marvel smashed at the robot's
legs with her embiggened fists. Now the robot had noticed her. It stopped
shooting lasers at Thor and started shooting them at Ms. Marvel instead!
Ms. Marvel leaped out of the way just a little too slowly. One of the
lasers hit her on the arm.
“Augh!” she screamed, rolling behind a big cement column. She looked
at her arm. It was bleeding a little, and it hurt terribly.
Taking a deep breath, Ms. Marvel dived out from behind the column.
She had to help!
Frantically looking around the old factory, Ms. Marvel spotted a huge,
dusty old piece of equipment. It said MACARONI MASTER 3000 on the
side, and it looked like it weighed about a ton. Ms. Marvel embiggened
herself until she was big enough to pick up the macaroni press. Then she
heaved it up into the air and bashed it hard against the robot.
There was a terrible grinding noise, as the robot shuddered and ground
to a halt. The lights along its body dimmed down and finally winked out.
“We did it!” Ms. Marvel cried. She turned to Thor. “High five!” she
said, holding up her hand.
“Ah!” Thor said. “I know this one. Hawkeye taught me.” He high-fived
her back. “Did I do it right?” he asked.
“Yep!” Ms. Marvel said. She looked around. All the fight seemed to
have gone out of the Inventor's birdlike henchmen. The few that Ms. Marvel
and Thor hadn't already defeated were sitting down, muttering unhappily.
“We give up!” one said. “Please don't tell our parents! We just signed on
because we were bored!”
“I wasn't bored,” another Inhuman teen said. “I just did it so I'd have
something to write my college application essays about.”
“I did it on a dare,” said another birdlike henchman.
“I did it because all my friends were doing it,” said a girl with purple
feathers.
Ms. Marvel rolled her eyes. She was about to launch into an angry
lecture about how dumb it was to sign on with a villain like the Inventor for
any reason, when she realized...
“Where is the Inventor?”
Ms. Marvel looked around the factory, and a sudden motion caught her
eye. It was the Inventor, running for the door!
Quick as lightning, Ms. Marvel stretched her arms out and caught the
Inventor.
“Not so fast!” she said. “You've got to pay for your crimes. Also, you
have to help untangle this mess.” She pointed at the sullen teenagers sitting
around the factory. “What happened to all the birds you used, anyway?”
“I'll never tell!” the Inventor shrieked. “My twisted creations will be
stuck like that forever! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!”
“It's this button, isn't it?” Thor said, pointing at a big red button on the
mysterious machine.
REVERSE
“No?” the Inventor said unconvincingly.
“That's a yes,” Ms. Marvel said. Thor pushed the button, and there was a
huge crackle as electricity coursed through the machine.
After a few seconds, Ms. Marvel blinked stars out of her eyes and
looked around.
All the birdlike teenagers were now just normal teenagers. And the
factory was full of exotic birds flying in confused circles.
扫一扫，收听本节英语音频
Chapter 10
It took most of the night for the police to cart away the Inventor and all
his juvenile sidekicks, and even longer for a local animal rescue to come
collect all the pet birds. By the time the cleanup was done, even Thor looked
a little worn-out.
“Shawarma?” he said hopefully.
“I was hoping you'd say that,” Ms. Marvel said with a grin.
Soon the two Super Heroes were sitting in their usual corner of the allnight
shawarma shop in Jersey City. Thor ordered seven sandwiches again,
but the waitress brought him ten.
“On the house,” she said. “Mostly I just want to see if you can actually
eat ten of these.”
“Good lady, I will endeavor not to disappoint,” Thor said grandly and
dug in.
He was halfway through the fifth sandwich when the door opened with a
cheerful little chime, and Hawkeye walked in.
Ms. Marvel almost choked on her sandwich. What was Hawkeye doing
at Nour's Kebab Hut at two in the morning?
“Yo, Thor,” he said, plopping into the booth at their table. “What's up,
Ms. Marvel?”
Ms. Marvel managed a muffled “Hi” around her half-chewed bite of
shawarma.
“Well met, my friend!” Thor boomed, clapping Hawkeye on the
shoulder so hard he nearly fell out of his chair. “Have you come to sample
Nour's wares? Truly, her sandwiches are the best in Jersey City.”
“No,” Hawkeye said, “I'm here because the Avengers are assembling. If
you're done with your investigation here in New Jersey, we need you back at
HQ. It's kind of an emergency.”
Thor stuffed the rest of his sandwich into his mouth, nodding
vigorously. He stood up and grabbed Mjolnir.
“Hey!” the waitress said, coming out from the kitchen. “You did it! You
ate five sandwiches!”
Thor grinned widely, his cheeks stuffed full of shawarma, and held up
his hand for a celebratory high five. The waitress slapped his palm.
“You know who taught him to high-five?” Hawkeye asked Ms. Marvel
quietly.
“It's a mystery, and you're the slime suspect,” Ms. Marvel shot back,
deadpan.
Hawkeye gave her a wide-eyed, innocent stare. “I have absolutely no
idea what you're talking about,” he said, softly enough that Thor, who was
still talking to the waitress, couldn't hear. “I would never prank another
Avenger like that. For instance, I definitely have not replaced Thor's
conditioner with glue.”
Kamala giggled and then turned to Thor. She wrapped her arms around
his gigantic body. Thor hugged her back.
“Truly it has been an honor fighting at your side, my mighty friend,” he
said. “Remember: there is great honor in accepting help.”
“Thanks, Thor,” Ms. Marvel said. “And here is some wisdom from me
to you: throw away your conditioner and buy a new bottle. Just trust me on
this.”
“Hey!” Hawkeye said. “No fair!”
In the morning, Kamala woke up feeling tired but happy. She had
defeated the Inventor once again. And she felt more confident about her
Super Hero life than she had in a long time. Talking to Thor had really
helped.
But on her way to school, Kamala started to get worried. She'd still
failed that Biology test, and that was still a big deal. Her parents were going
to be so disappointed in her! Kamala had forgiven herself for screwing up the
test, but she still hated having a bad grade on her record. She took pride in
her schoolwork.
Plus, Nakia was probably still furious with her.
At lunch, Kamala sat by herself and pushed her french fries around on
her plate gloomily.
“If you aren't going to eat those, give them to me,” someone said.
Kamala looked up and was surprised to see Nakia. She sat down and reached
over delicately to snag one of Kamala's fries. Bruno plopped down next to
her.
“Okay,” Nakia said, biting into the fry, “you're officially forgiven,
Kamala. I can't stand seeing you moping around like a big, sad puppy.”
“Me neither,” said Bruno, “which is why we talked to Mr. Lukoff on
your behalf. And he's going to let you retake the test.”
“Really?” Kamala said, astonished. “What did you tell him?”
“Bruno told him you spent the last week looking for someone's escaped
pet bird,” Nakia said.
“He was very impressed with your civic-mindedness,” Bruno added.
Kamala was shocked. “But that's not true!” she said. “You can't just lie
to a teacher like that!”
“Well,” Bruno said thoughtfully, “you were being civic-minded.”
“Huh,” Kamala said. “I guess that's true.” Then she and Bruno both
froze and looked guiltily at Nakia. Nakia still didn't know about Ms. Marvel,
and Kamala couldn't believe they'd come so close to letting something slip
just then!
Nakia shrugged. “I'm sure you were,” she said. “Just because I don't
know what's going on with you doesn't mean I don't know there's something
going on with you. I figure you'll tell me about it when you're ready. And in
the meantime, you can retake that test and quit acting so sad.”
“You really didn't have to―” Kamala started to say, but then she
remembered what Thor had told her.
There's great honor in accepting help. “Thank you,” she told her friends.
“This means a lot to me.”